Add links to articles and videos (#21)
PrefectHQ/prefect-hex: README.md

## Resources

> Read [this article](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-observable-and-reproducible-notebooks-with-hex-460e75818a09) or watch [this video](https://youtu.be/_BjqCrun4nE) to learn more about prefect-hex.

Reviewer: I think this formatting might encourage more people to click through, but let me know what you think.

```suggestion
### Blog Posts

- [Create Observable and Reproducible Notebooks with Hex](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-observable-and-reproducible-notebooks-with-hex-460e75818a09) by Khuyen Tran

### Videos

- [Create Observable and Reproducible Notebooks with Hex: Why Hex (Part 1)](https://youtu.be/_BjqCrun4nE)
```

Author: It looks great to me
